index.md, before:

---
layout: splash
title: "Manish Reddy"
subtitle: "Machine Learning & Generative AI Engineer"
excerpt: "Building production-grade ML and Generative AI systems with LLMs, RAG, evaluation, and cloud-native deployment."

feature_row:
  - title: "JPMorganChase"
    excerpt: "Production-grade LLM and RAG architectures focused on governance, evaluation, and scalable deployment."
    url: /projects/#enterprise-genai
    btn_label: "View Experience"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "Amnet Digital"
    excerpt: "End-to-end ML systems for classification and recommendation (2019–2022)."
    url: /projects/#applied-ml
    btn_label: "View Experience"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    
  - title: "EliteContent – Generative AI Platform"
    excerpt: "Full-stack GenAI platform with RAG pipelines, MCP-based context control, and multi-stage evaluation."
    url: /projects/#elitecontent
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "Intelligent Cricket Batting Analysis System"
    excerpt: "Computer vision system delivering real-time biomechanical analysis and adaptive coaching feedback."
    url: /projects/#cricket
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "LLM Evaluation & Safety"
    excerpt: "Evaluation pipelines, feedback loops, and alignment techniques for improving LLM reliability."
    url: /projects/#evaluation
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

## Overview

I build **production-grade Machine Learning and Generative AI systems**
with a focus on:

- End-to-end ML systems (data → model → API → production)
- Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) with grounding and governance
- LLM deployment using AWS Bedrock, FastAPI, and Kubernetes
- Evaluation, feedback loops, and alignment (RLHF-style)

This site provides **system-level deep dives** into selected projects,
aligned with real-world production constraints.

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

Revise overview to highlight ML and AI engineering skills
Updated the overview section to reflect current experience and expertise in Machine Learning and Generative AI.

index.md, after:

---
layout: splash
title: "Manish Reddy"
subtitle: "Machine Learning & Generative AI Engineer"
excerpt: "Building production-grade ML and Generative AI systems with LLMs, RAG, evaluation, and cloud-native deployment."

feature_row:
  - title: "JPMorganChase"
    excerpt: "Production-grade LLM and RAG architectures focused on governance, evaluation, and scalable deployment."
    url: /projects/#enterprise-genai
    btn_label: "View Experience"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "Amnet Digital"
    excerpt: "End-to-end ML systems for classification and recommendation (2019–2022)."
    url: /projects/#applied-ml
    btn_label: "View Experience"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    
  - title: "EliteContent – Generative AI Platform"
    excerpt: "Full-stack GenAI platform with RAG pipelines, MCP-based context control, and multi-stage evaluation."
    url: /projects/#elitecontent
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "Intelligent Cricket Batting Analysis System"
    excerpt: "Computer vision system delivering real-time biomechanical analysis and adaptive coaching feedback."
    url: /projects/#cricket
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

  - title: "LLM Evaluation & Safety"
    excerpt: "Evaluation pipelines, feedback loops, and alignment techniques for improving LLM reliability."
    url: /projects/#evaluation
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

## Overview

Senior Machine Learning & Generative AI Engineer with 4+ years of experience designing and deploying enterprise-scale AI systems. Currently at JPMorgan Chase, I architect production-grade Generative AI solutions leveraging LLMs, RAG pipelines, and MCP to deliver secure, context-aware capabilities across critical business workflows.
My expertise spans the full ML lifecycle—from building classification and recommendation pipelines to implementing advanced LLM workflows with prompt orchestration, evaluations, and safety guardrails. I specialize in architecting real-time ML data flows that integrate event streams, vector databases, and managed LLM platforms for low-latency AI interactions.
I'm passionate about bridging the gap between cutting-edge AI research and production systems, with hands-on experience deploying ML services on AWS and Kubernetes with autoscaling, observability, and reliability best practices.
{% include feature_row %}
